Comply with DITA - Mng content - Lifecycles (#4551)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_removing-lifecycle-environments-from-smart-proxy-by-using-web-ui.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

> [id="removing-lifecycle-environments-from-smart-proxy-by-using-web-ui"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="removing-lifecycle-environments-from-{smart-proxy-context}-by-using-web-ui"]
```

= Removing lifecycle environments from {SmartProxyServer} by using {ProjectWebUI}

[role="_abstract"]

> When lifecycle environments are no longer relevant to the host system or environments are added incorrectly to {SmartProxyServer}, you can remove the lifecycle environments from {SmartProxyServer}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When lifecycle environments are no longer relevant to hosts or environments are added incorrectly to {SmartProxyServer}, you can remove the lifecycle environments from {SmartProxyServer}.
```

I suggest to go with plural "hosts" in favor of "host systems" to unify terminology.

> You can use the {ProjectWebUI} to remove lifecycle environments from {SmartProxy}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the {ProjectWebUI} to remove lifecycle environments from {SmartProxyServers}.
```

.Procedure

> . In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Infrastructure* > *{SmartProxies}*, and select the {SmartProxy} that you want to remove a lifecycle from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Infrastructure* > *{SmartProxies}*.
. Select the {SmartProxyServer} that you want to remove a lifecycle from.
```
